---
layout: project
type: project
published: true
image: images/ics321-dbms.png
title: Student Registration App
permalink: projects/ics321final
date: 2016
labels:
  - HTML
  - PHP
  - JavaScript
  - SQL
  - DBMS
summary: A DBMS-backed Web App that utilizes on HTML, JavaScript, PHP and SQL to create a student registration app.
---

<center><iframe width="640" height="390" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/lrF2E7t7txI" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe></center>

During the Spring semester of 2016, I enrolled in ICS 321 at UH Manoa. In this course we learned about Data Storage and Retrieval. During this time the professor taught us the syntax of SQL and mySQL to store, retrieve and delete data from a database. The professor also taught us how to embed PHP, JavaScript, jQuery and Ajax into HTML to interact with a database. As a final project we had to put the knowledge we gained throughout the semester to create a web application that is DBMS-back, along with a video demonstration.

For my final project I created a simple student registration, enrollment and grades database. In the final project I created a small registration form where the username was set as a primary key. Students could then log on and enroll in classes that are offered or view their grades for courses they have completed. The enrollment form uses drop down boxes because it reaches the database to see the current courses and levels offered. On the admin side, the admin can view an entire list of all the students currently registered and the grades they received for courses they have completed. The admin can remove accounts, input grades and add/remove courses within the database.

Unfortunately, the professor has taken the websites down and I have yet to recover/rewrite the code but I still have the video demonstration. If the embedded video does not work, you can view the video [here](https://youtu.be/lrF2E7t7txI).
<div style="height:50px;"></div>
